logo.svg                 - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
off.svg                  - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
open-folder.svg          - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
open-folder2.svg         - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
reload-folder2.svg       - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
reload.svg               - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
expand.svg               - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
collapse.svg             - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
colors.svg               - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
colors-black.svg         - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
save.svg                 - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
statistics.svg           - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
statistics2.svg          - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
lan.svg                  - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
lan_on.svg               - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
wifi.svg                 - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
wifi_on.svg              - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
play.svg                 - Icon made by Google  from www.flaticon.com
stop.svg                 - Icon made by Google  from www.flaticon.com
delete.svg               - Icon made by Google  from www.flaticon.com
list.svg                 - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
search-prev.svg          - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
search-next.svg          - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
settings.svg             - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
check.svg                - Icon made by Kirill Kazachek from www.flaticon.com
check-disabled.svg       - Icon made by Kirill Kazachek from www.flaticon.com
close-white.svg            - Icon made by Cole Bemis from www.flaticon.com
close-white-hover.svg      - Icon made by Cole Bemis from www.flaticon.com
close-white-pressed.svg    - Icon made by Cole Bemis from www.flaticon.com
maximize-white.svg         - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
maximize-white-hover.svg   - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
maximize-white-pressed.svg - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
minimize-white.svg         - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
minimize-white-pressed.svg - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-down.svg             - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-down-hover.svg       - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-down-disabled.svg    - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-up.svg               - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-up-hover.svg         - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-up-disabled.svg      - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-left.svg             - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
arrow-right.svg            - Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
